# self-discline 自律

Remeber me when no more day by day you tell me of our future that you planned.  
请记住我，当不再有那一日又一日，你把计划里我们的未来讲给我听。  



# THE SONG OF THE RIVER

row  n line number, v 使列成一排  
urge vt urgeed by a sence of duty,urged him to keep trying, vt 力劝，n 推动力   urge the junk  


# 'MuLan' star Liu Yifei & Niki Caro Play Fishing for Answers!

A girl threatens out plans.  
a warrior.  
What was your immediate reaction to finding out you were cast an MuLan?
Just really happy.  
It was like a dream come true, a beautiful dream.  
i agree, i was really happy as well agrer looking for you a year , i was really happy.  
niki, when was the moment you knew yifei was mulan?
no!
i had a feeling from when we, when you came and auditioned.
you had traveled so far, and you had such terrible jet lag, and you were so good, but it wasn't until we sent you to physical training and you did ninety minutes of weights, that i knew taht you were a warrior.  
which other disney character would you like to see mulan in a scene with?
you guys could sing?
into the unknown. 
stop laughing  
i heard that 
what do you do on your ideal day off?
on my ideal day off would be being with my family and my dogs and being  outside and eating a lot, yeah  
what about you?
i really like coffee and i love a glass of wine, red wine  
yeah and hang out with friends ,reading.
yeah, absolutely. 
play with my cats yeah
what is the most important lesson young people can learn form mulan?  
i think for sure, my answer is to yourself and figure out what you dream is.
i am hua mulan  
i will bring honor to us all.  
how do you wish you were more like mulan?
awe , i wish i was more like mulan  and you , okay okay that i could wield the sword the way you both do.


wield vt 挥舞的  
sword n 刀剑，武力  
awe vt 是敬畏的
warrior n 战士  
audition n 试听，vi试听  
jet n 喷射，adj 墨黑的  
lag n 延迟，囚犯，vt 押往监狱  
you did ninety minutes of weights 这里的weights是举重的意思，是v，不是n  
ideal day off 理想的假期  
absolutely 完全的绝对的  


