>Dear baskerball  
Kobe Bryant  

Dear baskerball,  
From the moment  
I starting rolling my dad's tube socks  # tube n 管，v 把什么转管，socks n 袜子  
And shooting imaginary game-winning shots # imaginary adj 想象的  
In the Great Western Forum # forum n 论坛，讨论会
I knew one thing was real: I fell in love with you.
A love so deep i gave you my all-
From my mind & body
To my spirit & soul.
As a six-year-old boy
Deeply in love with you
I never saw the end of the tunnel. # tunnel n 隧道，vt在..打开通道
I only saw myself running out of one
And so i ran. I ran up and down ervery court
After every loose ball for you.
You asker for my bustle #bustle vi 喧闹，vt是忙碌  
I gave you my heart
Because it came with so mush more.
I played through the sweat and hurt
Not because challenge called me
But because you called me
I did everything for you
Because that's what you do when someone makes you feell as alives as you've made me feel
you gave a six-year-old boy his laker dream
And I'll always love you for it
But i can not love you obsessively for much longer # obsessively 迷恋
this season is all i have left to give
My heart can take the pounding # pounding n 重击，v重敲 
My mind can hadle the grind #grind vt 磨碎，vi折磨
But my body knows it is thime to say goodbye
And that is ok. I am ready to let you go. I want you to know  now
so we both can savor every moment we have left together the good and the bad # savor vt 使有风味n滋味
we have given each other all that we have and we both know no matter what i do next
i'll always be that kid.
With rolled up socks Garbage can in the corner.




> linear adj 线的 线型的  
rotary adj 旋转的，n旋转式机器  
layout n 布局，设计，安排  
typography 印刷术 
